When creating your ads, your number one goal is to inspire people to register to our free webinar so that they can learn how we can help them. 

Remember these key elements:

In order for people to register for the webinar, they must enter their name and email on your website that we have made for you. 
You are not selling or promoting any products - don't mention the products on your page and don't mention them in your ads. 
Do NOT mention the Dream Team in your ads or on your page. 
The only link you should ever share with anyone is the link to your website - that allows them to register for our webinar, to watch a replay, and to get more information on our opportunity. 
You are doing "lifestyle marketing" - which means that you are leading by example. Reaching out to people - human to human, explaining to them and showing them what is possible.
Keep this in mind:  

Our opportunity could be likened to a franchise idea.   

If someone wanted to open a coffee shop but had no idea where to start, they might buy a Starbucks, or a Tim Hortons, etc.

In our case, for those people that want to get into the online world but have no idea where to begin, we have packaged together all of the sales tools they'll need, along with the best marketing training, 
and top converting/paying products available online.

*** NOTE: This is not intended to be a script for your ad.

If someone asks you what the product is:

You DON'T actually HAVE TO tell them!  Just because someone asks you a question, it doesn't mean that you have to answer.  We have a system that works.  Be confident in it and use it!  

If you have a lead that would like more information, then you encourage them to take advantage of the $149 offer, so that they can get ALL of the information that they will need.

If your lead pushes back on why they have to pay for more information, then explain to them that you just want to ensure that they get all of the information they need - an opportunity to do their due diligence, 
and to check out this opportunity fully.  Point out that we have a 30 day money back refund policy to protect them if they decide that this isn't for them.

For anyone truly interested in starting a business of any sort, asking them to invest $149 into market research is not unusual.

ALWAYS remember - you are coming from a place of helping people.  We're not selling them on anything here.  If they are ready for change we can help them.  Not everyone is ready for change.

*** Important Policy ***
Enagic DOES NOT like anyone flashing cheques and making income claims.  This includes putting bubble posts on your page about "big days".  Note that you do so at your own risk.
