Hi    SYED NASIF ALI SHAH,
  
Congratulations, you are now an Enagic Distributor!  I will be your direct mentor and will be there to help you get started.

Your main Enagic ID is  19000022965.  Please keep this number and the info below in a safe place as it will be very important as you grow your business.

Shortly after Enagic confirms your distributorship, they will send you one or more emails concerning Enagic EWS (Enagic Web System) and Enagic DSP (Distributor 
Support Portal). 
These emails will provide your Enagic login information.  It is important to save this login information.

However, when you login to EWS, you will be prompted to sign up for $30/month. This is not a service that we use with our business model. There is no need to pay 
any monthly fee.
Simply disregard that suggestion. You will have all the tools you need with the Dream Team. 

I’ve included a link to the new distributor Welcome Kit below to get you started on the right track.  Please make sure you read this completely as it is extremely 
important for both setting up your business and in understanding our community policies.

Welcome Kit Link:  https://ln.sync.com/dl/aed887820/atjwzpin-5yuk89ax-gdbmm227-urhh3f7f

The rest of the Dream Team training site will be unlocked for you within 24 hours.  Be sure to follow the training step by step, so you don’t miss an important 
step.  Feel free to reach out to me with any questions you have along the way!

I also encourage you to check out our Book Club.  Cash prizes are awarded each month!  All the details can be found in the Training Site under Main Tab: 
Committees, Councils, & Clubs > Sub Tab: Book Club.

When your training is unlocked, you will also be added to our Flock chat and given the name that you must use in Flock. You will receive an email saying you were 
added, please click the link and follow the instructions to log in.  Flock is a distributors-only group where we mastermind and share ideas and ask questions.  
Once you are in Flock, let me know, so I can add you to our personal coach’s chat channel where you will ask ALL BUSINESS QUESTIONS.   Please DO NOT use the Dream 
Team Facebook group to ask questions related to the business. 

We're really looking forward to working with you!!

Chat soon!
Md Alauddin


Advertising Idea: "If we can do shopping, grocery shopping, banking, doctor appointments, and schooling online, then why can't we earn as well?"
"Run your digital business on the go, spend more time with your family, and focus on the things that truly matter."
"The benefits I've gained from this business include:
- No selling involved.
- Video-based training provided.
- User-friendly training.
- A personal coach and mentor assigned.
- The flexibility to run it anytime.
- T4 slips provided.
- You can work full-time or part-time.
- It's legitimate and taxable."

"We conduct our business with honesty and integrity, which is why it's growing tremendously. If you want to improve your future compared to the present, 
take a step forward and start this amazing journey. Trust me; you will never regret it."

"If this piques your interest, please send me a message, and I will be happy to provide you with all the information you need.
For more information, please visit www.arafatherrahman.com
